<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE troubleshooting PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA 1.3 Troubleshooting//EN" "troubleshooting.dtd">
<troubleshooting id="trouble_q5v_bpv_hz">
  <title>What to do if you're in the dark</title>
  <troublebody>
    <condition>
      <p>The light has worked until now, when all of a sudden the light goes out.</p>
    </condition>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause>
        <title>The lightbulb has burnt out</title>
        <p>Lightbulbs are typically made out of a tungsten filament. Overtime, this filament can
          wear down with the heat that creates the light, and can burn out. You can tell the
          lightbulb has burnt out by removing the lighbulb from the light fixture, and either
          shaking it to listen for the broken filament, or examining it for a dark spot on the
          glass.</p>
      </cause>
      <remedy>
        <responsibleParty>Anyone can solve this</responsibleParty>
        <steps>
          <step>
            <cmd>Remove the possibly burnt out bulb from the light fixture. </cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Examine the bulb to ensure that it is burnt out before throwing it away.</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Screw in a new bulb into the light fixture.</cmd>
          </step>
        </steps>
      </remedy>
    </troubleSolution>
    <troubleSolution>
      <cause>
        <title>The lightbulb is not tight enough</title>
        <p>Lightbulbs work by passing an electrical current through a tungsten filament. In order
          for the electrical current to reach the inside of the lightbulb, the base of the lightbulb
          contains an electrical foot contact that recives the electrical current from the light
          fixture. If the base of the lightbulb is not touching the light fixture's end, the current
          can't pass through.</p>
      </cause>
      <remedy>
        <responsibleParty>Any adult</responsibleParty>
      <steps-unordered>
        <step>
            <cmd>With the light switch off, tighten the lightbulb.</cmd>
          </step>
          <step>
            <cmd>Turn on the light switch.</cmd>
          </step>
      </steps-unordered>
      </remedy>

    </troubleSolution>
  </troublebody>
</troubleshooting>
